1456 Updating Sending Deploys to Transactions (#1484)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/developers/cli/sending-transactions.md

- The IP address of a [peer](../prerequisites.md#acquire-node-address-from-network-peers) on the network
- The port specified as the `event_stream_server.address` in the node's *config.toml*, which is by default 9999 on Mainnet and Testnet
- The URL for streamed events, which is <HOST:PORT>/events

With the following command, you can start watching the event stream. Note the event ID recorded when you send the Transaction in the next section.

```bash
curl -s http://65.21.235.219:9999/events
```

## Sending a Transaction to the Network {#sending-the-transaction}

You can call the Casper client's `put-txn` command to put the compiled contract on the chain. In this example, the Transaction will execute in the account's context. See the [advanced features](#advanced-features) section for key delegation.

```bash
casper-client put-txn session\
    --node-address <HOST:PORT> \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --transaction-path <transaction-PATH> \
    --session-entry-point <NAME> \
    --category <INSTALL-UPGRADE|LARGE|MEDIUM|SMALL> \
    --gas-price-tolerance <INTEGER> \
    --secret-key <PATH> | --initiator-address <HEX STRING>
```

> 1. `node-address` - An IP address of a peer on the network. The default port of nodes' JSON-RPC servers on Mainnet and Testnet is 7777. You can find a list of trusted peers in network's configuration file, `config.toml`. Here is an [example](https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/blob/dev/resources/production/config-example.toml#L131). You may send transactions to one of the trusted nodes or use them to query other online nodes.

Reviewer: Perhaps here, or as part of a different PR updating multiple places, we need to refer to the sidecar's RPC port or the node's binary port åsince the node does not expose an RPC port: https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/blob/feat-2.0/resources/local/config.toml.

```suggestion
1. `node-address` - An IP address of a peer on the network. The default port of the sidecar's JSON-RPC server on Mainnet and Testnet is 7777. You can find a list of trusted peers in network's configuration file, `config.toml`. Here is an [example](https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/blob/dev/resources/production/config-example.toml#L131). You may send transactions to one of the trusted nodes or use them to query other online nodes.
```

Author: I completely agree - completing this PR made me realize we will need to completely revamp the NCTL docs as well.
